So excited right now because we are finally
making our way over to Petra Bedouin style.
As you can see we're going be to riding in
the back of a pickup truck for about an hour
and a half.
It'll be exciting to finally making it there.
I love off-roading.
Music playing in the background.
We're really lucky to get our own truck here.
We're the only people sitting in the back
of this pickup truck.
Some of these other ones are filled with like
four or five.
VIP!
Music playing in the background.
Bumpy ride huh?
It sure is.
Some of the city slickers from Canada looked
a little horrified when they were notified
they were going to have to travel in the back
of the truck.
There just just dropped.
Music in the background.
We've taken a little rest stop.
And the views 'yeah' they're okay.
Music in the background.